[AWS] AWS Health metricbeat module (#38370)
elastic/beats: metricbeat/docs/fields.asciidoc

--

[float]
=== awshealth

AWS Health metrics

*`aws.awshealth.affected_entities_others`*::
+
--

> Number of affected resources, not able to verify status, related to the event.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The number of affected resources related to the event whose status cannot be verified.
```

type: float

--

*`aws.awshealth.affected_entities_pending`*::
+
--

> Number of affected resources that may require action.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The number of affected resources that may require action.
```

type: float

--

*`aws.awshealth.affected_entities_resolved`*::
+
--

> Number of affected resources having no actions required.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The number of affected resources that do not require any action.
```

type: float

--

*`aws.awshealth.end_time`*::
+
--

> The date and time that the event ended. Certain events may not have an End date.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The date and time when the event ended. Some events may not have an end date.
```

type: date

--

*`aws.awshealth.event_arn`*::
+
--

> The unique identifier for the event. The event ARN has the arn:aws:health:event-region::event/SERVICE/EVENT_TYPE_CODE/EVENT_TYPE_PLUS_ID format.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The unique identifier for the event. The event ARN has the format: arn:aws:health:event-region::event/SERVICE/EVENT_TYPE_CODE/EVENT_TYPE_PLUS_ID.
```

type: keyword

--

*`aws.awshealth.event_scope_code`*::
+
--

> This parameter specifies if the Health event is a public Amazon Web Service event or an account-specific event. Allowed values are PUBLIC/ ACCOUNT_SPECIFIC/ NONE. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This parameter specifies whether the Health event is a public Amazon Web Service event or an account-specific event. Allowed values are PUBLIC, ACCOUNT_SPECIFIC, or NONE.
```

type: keyword

--

*`aws.awshealth.event_type_category`*::
+
--

> Event type category code. Possible values are issue accountNotification, or scheduledChange.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The event type category code. Possible values are issue, accountNotification, or scheduledChange.
```

type: keyword

--

*`aws.awshealth.event_type_code`*::
+
--

> The unique identifier for the event type. The format is AWS_SERVICE_DESCRIPTION

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The unique identifier for the event type. The format is AWS_SERVICE_DESCRIPTION.
```

type: keyword

--

*`aws.awshealth.last_updated_time`*::
+
--

> The most recent date and time that the event was updated.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The most recent date and time when the event was updated. 
```

type: date

--

*`aws.awshealth.region`*::
+
--
The Amazon Web Services Region name of the event.

type: keyword

--

*`aws.awshealth.service`*::
+
--

> The Amazon Web Service that is affected by the event. For example, EC2 , RDS .

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Amazon Web Service affected by the event. For example, EC2 or RDS.
```

type: keyword

--

*`aws.awshealth.start_time`*::
+
--

> The date and time that the event began.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The date and time when the event began.
```

type: date

--

*`aws.awshealth.status_code`*::
+
--

> The most recent status of the event. Possible values are open , closed , and upcoming.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The most recent status of the event. Possible values are open, closed, and upcoming.
```

type: keyword

--

*`aws.awshealth.affected_entities`*::
+
--

> Information about an entity that is affected by a Health event.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Information about an entity affected by a Health event.
```
